there's nothing worse than sitting in
rush-hour traffic except for when you
see this in the rear view where hey my
name is Jamie crow and the reason I love
my 0x electric motorcycle is because
it's street-legal I equipped it with a
light kit come on can drive on the
street and I can avoid the food and
getting pulled over with the light kit I
can ride day or night and the bike is so
quiet that I never disturb my neighbors
I my commute to work the 0x use is one
of the most advanced lithium ion
batteries on the planet and I can ride
up to 40 miles on a charge which means I
can take the scenic route on my way to
work
I'm always finding new places to ride
that I could never get away with on a
noisy gas-powered motorcycle one early
morning on my way to work I had the
bread idea to ride at the skate park and
let me tell you it was a blast
my 0x accelerates to 30 miles per hour
in less than two seconds and hit speeds
up to 50 miles per hour when I'm riding
in town and I have no problem keeping up
a traffic I love riding my 0x for the
flying down the road or just cruising
the beach
if you haven't had a chance to ride a 0x
I strongly encourage you to do so
everyone who's ridden this motorcycle is
thoroughly impressed it really is just
an amazing machine